# Finding Downloaders

## Business Challenge
Online advertisements are priced on a per click basis for the client. This pricing model is often exploited through the clicking of the advertisement with no intention to acquire the service advertised. 
Online advertisement company is the victim of this exploitation. Over 90% of the 3 billion clicks they receive through their mobile application advertisements are potentially fraudulent as evidenced by a click through but no download of the app. Consequently, the company will accrue large expenses from their advertisements created by fraudulent activity. In this project, we are building machine learning models to predict the actual downloaders so that these activities are excluded from the scope of ip filters which are designed for preventing from fraud.

## Proposed Solution
Through the use of a classification model, different IP addresses and devices can be identified as a user who will or will not download an application and thus blacklisted to prevent the expenses acquired with a click through of an advertisement and no download. Using aggregated estimates of the cost of an advertisement and revenue generated by a mobile app across different industries, the mobile app clients of the company lose an estimated of $510M per day. With the implementation of a logistic regression model (a machine learning algorithm), they can turn this loss into a $10.6M profit.

## Model
Several models were tested in order to find a suitable model aid in the business challenge. The relative success or failure of these models  are largely dependent on the individual model tuning parameters and characteristics of the predictor and response variable. 

### SVM - Linear
By using all 73 predictor variables and linear kernel, Support Vector Machine algorithm was created with the hyperparameter C, the penalty coefficient. The coefficient was decided as 1.0 by using 5-fold cross validation. As the basic concept of linearly separating data is similar to logistic regression and LDA, the resulting metrics are also shown similar to logistic regression and LDA. However, the metrics are slightly better than LDA and almost close to that of the best model. This makes sense because these models were trained by a not completely separated data by linear boundary. In addition, the better performance than LDA attributes to the SVM’s algorithm which is regardless of the distribution of data.

### SVM - RBF
By using all 73 predictor variables and Radial Basis Function(RBF) kernel, Support Vector Machine algorithm was created with the hyperparameter C and gamma, the penalty coefficient and the inverse of the influential radius. The coefficient was decided as C=100.0 and gamma=0.01 by using 5-fold cross validation.
